Oh, I'm really looking forward to Christmas
All children are so excited, I can hardly wait
when i share a little at all around,
then I'm pretty sure everyone smiles and nods for soon it's Christmas
And while my mom is baking some delicious cakes, I go there to taste and smile
Because out there on the stairs, my dear Dad stands with packages that he hides behind his back
Oh, I'm really looking forward to Christmas
All children are so excited I can hardly wait
When I look at everyone around, I'm sure everyone smiles and nods for soon it's Christmas
I want the snow grains to fall so white and cold
yes so we can all ski
for right out in the garden with buttons on the stomach there will be a snowball fine with float hat on
Oh, I'm really looking forward to Christmas
All children are so excited I can hardly wait
When I look at everyone around
Then I'm sure everyone smiles and nods for soon it's Christmas
The Christmas tree should stand there while I put on fine clothes on the body in it is so very excited
I'll sit swinging in the chair to sing
about Rudolf reindeer who were red on the nose say
Oh, I'm really looking forward to Christmas, every child is so excited I can hardly wait
When I look at everyone around
then I'm pretty sure everyone smiles and nods for soon it's Christmas
Then I'm sure everyone smiles and nods for soon it's Christmas
Merry Christmas everyone :)